,id,title,context,question,answers,llama2_answers
18467,56f6fe26711bf01900a448d7,Classical_music,"Classical musicians continued to use many of instruments from the Baroque era, such as the cello, contrabass, recorder, trombone, timpani, fortepiano and organ. While some Baroque instruments fell into disuse (e.g., the theorbo and rackett), many Baroque instruments were changed into the versions that are still in use today, such as the Baroque violin (which became the violin), the Baroque oboe (which became the oboe) and the Baroque trumpet, which transitioned to the regular valved trumpet.",What did the Baroque trumpet become?,"{'text': ['the regular valved trumpet'], 'answer_start': [469]}","Sure! Based on the given context, the answer to the question ""What did the Baroque trumpet become?"" is:

 {'text': 'regular valved trumpet', 'answer_start': [26] }

Explanation: The Baroque trumpet became the regular valved trumpet."
43691,572935dd3f37b3190047810f,Germans,"The Germanic peoples during the Migrations Period came into contact with other peoples; in the case of the populations settling in the territory of modern Germany, they encountered Celts to the south, and Balts and Slavs towards the east. The Limes Germanicus was breached in AD 260. Migrating Germanic tribes commingled with the local Gallo-Roman populations in what is now Swabia and Bavaria. The arrival of the Huns in Europe resulted in Hun conquest of large parts of Eastern Europe, the Huns initially were allies of the Roman Empire who fought against Germanic tribes, but later the Huns cooperated with the Germanic tribe of the Ostrogoths, and large numbers of Germans lived within the lands of the Hunnic Empire of Attila. Attila had both Hunnic and Germanic families and prominent Germanic chiefs amongst his close entourage in Europe. The Huns living in Germanic territories in Eastern Europe adopted an East Germanic language as their lingua franca. A major part of Attila's army were Germans, during the Huns' campaign against the Roman Empire. After Attila's unexpected death the Hunnic Empire collapsed with the Huns disappearing as a people in Europe – who either escaped into Asia, or otherwise blended in amongst Europeans.",What happened to the Huns after Attila's death?,"{'text': ['either escaped into Asia, or otherwise blended in amongst Europeans'], 'answer_start': [1173]}","The answer to your question is:

{'text': ['After Attila's unexpected death', 'the Hunnic Empire collapsed'], 'answer_start': [43, 47]}"
73195,573059852461fd1900a9cdb5,The_Blitz,"In the wake of the Coventry Blitz, there was widespread agitation from the Communist Party over the need for bomb-proof shelters. Many Londoners, in particular, took to using the Underground railway system, without authority, for shelter and sleeping through the night there until the following morning. So worried were the Government over the sudden campaign of leaflets and posters distributed by the Communist Party in Coventry and London, that the Police were sent in to seize their production facilities. The Government, up until November 1940, was opposed to the centralised organisation of shelter. Home Secretary Sir John Anderson was replaced by Morrison soon afterwards, in the wake of a Cabinet reshuffle as the dying Neville Chamberlain resigned. Morrison warned that he could not counter the Communist unrest unless provision of shelters were made. He recognised the right of the public to seize tube stations and authorised plans to improve their condition and expand them by tunnelling. Still, many British citizens, who had been members of the Labour Party, itself inert over the issue, turned to the Communist Party. The Communists attempted to blame the damage and casualties of the Coventry raid on the rich factory owners, big business and landowning interests and called for a negotiated peace. Though they failed to make a large gain in influence, the membership of the Party had doubled by June 1941. The ""Communist threat"" was deemed important enough for Herbert Morrison to order, with the support of the Cabinet, the stoppage of the Daily Worker and The Week; the Communist newspaper and journal.",What did Morrison warn he couldn't do?,"{'text': ['that he could not counter the Communist unrest unless provision of shelters were made.'], 'answer_start': [775]}",Morrison warned that he couldn't counter the Communist unrest unless provision of shelters were made.
60039,5728c5dd3acd2414000dfe0e,Sahara,"The central Sahara is estimated to include five hundred species of plants, which is extremely low considering the huge extent of the area. Plants such as acacia trees, palms, succulents, spiny shrubs, and grasses have adapted to the arid conditions, by growing lower to avoid water loss by strong winds, by storing water in their thick stems to use it in dry periods, by having long roots that travel horizontally to reach the maximum area of water and to find any surface moisture and by having small thick leaves or needles to prevent water loss by evapo-transpiration. Plant leaves may dry out totally and then recover.",What helps plants in order to get as much water as   possible?,"{'text': ['long roots that travel horizontally'], 'answer_start': [378]}","Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Based on the context provided, the answer to the question ""What helps plants in order to get as much water as possible?"" is:

{'text': ['by growing lower', 'by having long roots', 'by having small thick leaves or needles'], 'answer_start': [20, 35, 47]}

Explanation:

* By growing lower: This means that plants have adapted to grow shorter in height to avoid water loss due to strong winds.
* By having long roots: Plants have evolved long roots to reach the maximum area of water and to find any surface moisture.
* By having small thick leaves or needles: These leaves or needles are thicker and smaller in size to prevent water loss by evapo-transpiration.

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any other questions."
22928,56fa5af68f12f3190063012e,Wood,"Despite their collective name, not all woodwind instruments are made entirely of wood. The reeds used to play them, however, are usually made from Arundo donax, a type of monocot cane plant.",What are woodwind instrument's reeds often made out of?,"{'text': ['Arundo donax'], 'answer_start': [147]}","Sure! Based on the context you provided, the answer to the question ""What are woodwind instrument's reeds often made out of?"" is:

{'text': ['Arundo donax'], 'answer_start': [3]}

Explanation:
The context mentions that not all woodwind instruments are made entirely of wood, but the reeds used to play them are usually made from Arundo donax, a type of monocot cane plant. Therefore, the answer to the question is ""Arundo donax"". The start character index refers to the position of the first letter of the answer in the context sentence (in this case, the third letter)."
41951,5726cfd6dd62a815002e9105,Copyright_infringement,"Copyright infringement disputes are usually resolved through direct negotiation, a notice and take down process, or litigation in civil court. Egregious or large-scale commercial infringement, especially when it involves counterfeiting, is sometimes prosecuted via the criminal justice system. Shifting public expectations, advances in digital technology, and the increasing reach of the Internet have led to such widespread, anonymous infringement that copyright-dependent industries now focus less on pursuing individuals who seek and share copyright-protected content online, and more on expanding copyright law to recognize and penalize – as ""indirect"" infringers – the service providers and software distributors which are said to facilitate and encourage individual acts of infringement by others.",What can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale?,"{'text': ['prosecuted via the criminal justice system'], 'answer_start': [250]}","Based on the provided context, the answer to the question ""What can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale?"" is:

{'text': ['prosecution via criminal justice system'], 'answer_start': [54]}

Explanation:
The passage suggests that for egregious or large-scale commercial copyright infringement, especially counterfeiting, the perpetrators may face criminal prosecution. This means that they could potentially face legal penalties, such as fines or even imprisonment, depending on the severity of their actions and the laws in their jurisdiction."
44316,5727ca06ff5b5019007d9558,"New_Haven,_Connecticut","After the American Revolutionary War broke out in 1776, the Connecticut colonial government ordered the construction of Black Rock Fort (to be built on top of an older 17th-century fort) to protect the port of New Haven. In 1779, during the Battle of New Haven, British soldiers captured Black Rock Fort and burned the barracks to the ground. The fort was reconstructed in 1807 by the federal government (on orders from the Thomas Jefferson administration), and rechristened Fort Nathan Hale, after the Revolutionary War hero who had lived in New Haven. The cannons of Fort Nathan Hale were successful in defying British war ships during the War of 1812. In 1863, during the Civil War, a second Fort Hale was built next to the original, complete with bomb-resistant bunkers and a moat, to defend the city should a Southern raid against New Haven be launched. The United States Congress deeded the site to the state in 1921, and all three versions of the fort have been restored. The site is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places and receives thousands of visitors each year.",In what year did the U.S. Congress afford Connecticut the deed to the site at Fort Hale in New Haven?,"{'text': ['1921'], 'answer_start': [918]}","The answer to your question can be found in the context as follows:

""In 1921, the United States Congress deeded the site to the state.""

Therefore, the year in which the U.S. Congress afforded Connecticut the deed to the site at Fort Hale in New Haven is 1921. The answer is [1921]."
8277,56db0f17e7c41114004b4cea,2008_Summer_Olympics_torch_relay,"
 France: The torch relay leg in Paris, held on April 7, began on the first level of the Eiffel Tower and finished at the Stade Charléty. The relay was initially supposed to cover 28 km, but it was shortened at the demand of Chinese officials following widespread protests by pro-Tibet and human rights activists, who repeatedly attempted to disrupt, hinder or halt the procession. A scheduled ceremony at the town hall was cancelled at the request of the Chinese authorities, and, also at the request of Chinese authorities, the torch finished the relay by bus instead of being carried by athletes. Paris City officials had announced plans to greet the Olympic flame with peaceful protest when the torch was to reach the French capital. The city government attached a banner reading ""Paris defends human rights throughout the world"" to the City Hall, in an attempt to promote values ""of all humanity and of human rights."" Members from Reporters Without Borders turned out in large numbers to protest. An estimated 3,000 French police protected the Olympic torch relay as it departed from the Eiffel Tower and criss-crossed Paris amid threat of protests. Widespread pro-Tibet protests, including an attempt by more than one demonstrator to extinguish the flame with water or fire extinguishers, prompted relay authorities to put out the flame five times (according to the police authorities in Paris) and load the torch onto a bus, at the demand of Chinese officials. This was later denied by the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, despite video footage broadcast by French television network France 2 which showed Chinese flame attendants extinguishing the torch. Backup flames are with the relay at all times to relight the torch. French judoka and torchbearer David Douillet expressed his annoyance at the Chinese flame attendants who extinguished the torch which he was about to hand over to Teddy Riner: ""I understand they're afraid of everything, but this is just annoying. They extinguished the flame despite the fact that there was no risk, and they could see it and they knew it. I don't know why they did it.""",About how many police were said to have protected the torch in France?,"{'text': ['3,000'], 'answer_start': [1015]}","The answer to your question can be found in the context as follows:

""An estimated 3,000 French police protected the Olympic torch relay as it departed from the Eiffel Tower and criss-crossed Paris amid threat of protests.""

Therefore, the answer is 3,000."
74995,572f91c704bcaa1900d76a8d,Modern_history,"On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor, bringing it too into the war on the Allied side. China also joined the Allies, as eventually did most of the rest of the world. China was in turmoil at the time, and attacked Japanese armies through guerilla-type warfare. By the beginning of 1942, the major combatants were aligned as follows: the British Commonwealth, the United States, and the Soviet Union were fighting Germany and Italy; and the British Commonwealth, China, and the United States were fighting Japan. The United Kingdom, the United States, the Soviet Union and China were referred as a ""trusteeship of the powerful"" during the World War II  and were recognized as the Allied ""Big Four"" in Declaration by United Nations These four countries were considered as the ""Four Policemen"" or ""Four Sheriffs"" of the Allies power and primary victors of World War II. From then through August 1945, battles raged across all of Europe, in the North Atlantic Ocean, across North Africa, throughout Southeast Asia, throughout China, across the Pacific Ocean and in the air over Japan.",Where did Japan attack the United States?,"{'text': ['Pearl Harbor'], 'answer_start': [57]}","The answer to your question is:

{'text': ['On December 7, 1941', 'Japan attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor'], 'answer_start': [7, 12]}"
84137,573238630fdd8d15006c6862,Religion_in_ancient_Rome,"The Western emperor Gratian refused the office of pontifex maximus, and against the protests of the senate, removed the altar of Victory from the senate house and began the disestablishment of the Vestals. Theodosius I briefly re-united the Empire: in 391 he officially adopted Nicene Christianity as the Imperial religion and ended official support for all other creeds and cults. He not only refused to restore Victory to the senate-house, but extinguished the Sacred fire of the Vestals and vacated their temple: the senatorial protest was expressed in a letter by Quintus Aurelius Symmachus to the Western and Eastern emperors. Ambrose, the influential Bishop of Milan and future saint, wrote urging the rejection of Symmachus's request for tolerance. Yet Theodosius accepted comparison with Hercules and Jupiter as a living divinity in the panegyric of Pacatus, and despite his active dismantling of Rome's traditional cults and priesthoods could commend his heirs to its overwhelmingly Hellenic senate in traditional Hellenic terms.[clarification needed] He was the last emperor of both East and West.",What flame did Theodosius extinguish to remove the Vestals from power?,"{'text': ['Sacred fire'], 'answer_start': [463]}","The answer to your question is:

{'text': ['He not only refused to restore Victory to the senate-house, but extinguished the Sacred fire of the Vestals and vacated their temple'], 'answer_start': [30]}

Explanation:
In the given context, Theodosius I extinguished the ""Sacred fire of the Vestals"" to remove the Vestals from power."
